I think I sort of naively thought at
that time and we're talking the early
90s that I could become an actor without
training Brist love it was the only
school that I tried out for not remotely
expecting to get in but I I knew by
reputation that the Old Vic school was
somewhere that I thought sounded like
something I could enjoy in terms of how
important a formal acting training is
it's a really difficult one to answer
because I think it's the different
things for different people for me
Bristol Old Vic was a great school
because it was very much geared towards
having a career in in the industry and
was realistic about what you required as
an actor in order to become a working
actor someone who was actually going to
make a living out of it earthquakes in
London here at the National is an
incredibly you know it's a three hour
show it's a massive epic piece it's very
demanding on everyone in the company but
it's the sort of show that you can
easily find new things to play with I
really enjoy working with new writers
and the process when you're working on a
new play is invigorating and exciting
and the first time you read the play
probably won't be the draft that you
eventually perform if you're lucky
you're constantly talking to the writer
in the rehearsal room and the director
in the rehearsal room and you you come
to a consensus and longtitude amongst
the the three of you and the other
people you work with about what what
your backstory is and how how that this
person has come to be whatever crisis
they're at when the play begins and and
you take it from that point on I don't
really think of
my self as having any particular talent
I mean I I enjoy I completely enjoy
creating the character I completely
enjoy playing a role I think the the
most important thing over the last 15
years has been taking what you've got
and filling it out pushing yourself to
whatever extreme is you think you can
usefully push yourself to to do the work
that you need to do there's no question
that fear and excitement plays a large
part in why I do this at all and I love
I love the challenge and I love stepping
into another person's shoes and there is
a fear in that because you it's about
letting go it's about completely losing
your inhibitions it's about having
absolutely no dignity whatsoever and not
being afraid to to fail but it's that
fear that makes you want to get it right
you know and it never stops I think I
don't ever will I really enjoy just
getting on stage and playing someone who
is completely unlikely as unlike me as I
can get I really enjoy not because I'm
not happy being me just because I really
love being someone else